tinily + renal = triennially
polls + epees = peopleless
arras + gain = agrarians
arses + rete = arrestees
blond + aloe = ballooned
clips + aloe = calliopes
fetes + lens = fleetness
genet + reis = greeniest
panes + lins = plainness
sinus + eger = seigneurs
seres + hens = sheerness
sades + tins = staidness
sanes + tils = stainless
wides + erns = weirdness
aril + doty = adroitly
arse + rete = arrestee
blue + alts = ballutes
brad + amis = barmaids
burn + ados = baudrons
bals + ekes = beakless
bals + emes = beamless
bode + lord = bloodred
buns + lees = blueness
bolt + okes = booklets
bedu + rant = breadnut
bred + uses = burseeds
clip + aloe = calliope
clue + ells = cellules
ceps + haet = cheapest
cere + heir = cheerier
cere + held = cheerled
clue + olds = colludes
cols + okes = cookless
cons + oles = coolness
cuts + ones = countess
cult + opes = couplets
cepe + reis = creepies
dite + anis = dainties
dols + ores = doorless
duns + ores = dourness
else + nite = enlistee
fins + ares = fairness
fets + leet = fleetest
funs + oles = foulness
fens + rees = freeness
fine + redd = friended
frig + urns = furrings
gals + oles = goalless
gene + reis = greenies
gens + ryes = greyness
gone + rudd = grounded
hint + ares = hairnets
hols + odes = hoodless
hols + okes = hookless
holt + okes = hooklets
hols + opes = hoopless
into + girn = ignitron
ills + sees = isleless
mils + ales = mailless
mols + ones = moonless
molt + ones = moonlets
most + ones = moonsets
nurl + etas = neutrals
ohms + gait = oghamist
pree + aits = parietes
pals + ekes = peakless
pals + lyes = playless
pens + loam = pleonasm
pons + ores = poorness
pams + slit = psalmist
plot + ulus = pullouts
riot + anus = rainouts
rule + oils = rouilles
rial + unbe = ruinable
shoe + cold = schooled
sure + cris = scurries
sals + emes = seamless
sene + heir = sheenier
sols + haet = shoalest
sole + hair = shoalier
sere + kris = skerries
sere + mair = smearier
sals + opes = soapless
suns + ores = sourness
sone + pois = spoonies
sunn + prig = spurning
sets + weet = sweetest
tils + ales = tailless
tuns + ates = tautness
tree + erns = terrenes
term + hoes = theorems
tels + rees = treeless
tine + rets = trientes
tilt + roes = triolets
tuns + rees = trueness
tors + sris = tsorriss
wans + ekes = weakness
wide + eros = weirdoes
anus + don = adnouns
ares + fet = afreets
anis + gal = agnails
ants + gae = agnates
arfs + gae = agrafes
alls + lee = alleles
asks + lie = alsikes
area + met = amreeta
ants + nae = annates
alts + pie = aplites
blet + ads = baldest
blat + als = ballast
blue + alt = ballute
brad + ami = barmaid
bris + ere = berries
blet + ods = boldest
bold + ode = boodled
boos + oho = boohoos
bolt + oke = booklet
buns + ore = bournes
buss + ore = bourses
bets + rah = breaths
brig + urn = burring
bred + use = burseed
bras + yod = byroads
cris + ane = carnies
cris + are = carries
clue + ell = cellule
cans + hie = chaines
card + hie = chaired
cans + hut = chaunts
ceps + hao = cheapos
cord + hie = choired
coss + hoe = chooses
cosy + hoe = choosey
cogs + huh = choughs
coss + hue = chouses
clue + old = collude
cris + obe = corbies
cris + ore = corries
cues + ole = coulees
cult + ope = couplet
cuss + ore = courses
cepe + rei = creepie
cess + ree = creeses
cels + roe = creoles
cops + rue = croupes
dais + ere = dearies
dais + ire = diaries
dols + ode = doodles
does + ole = doolees
duet + ors = dourest
damn + rya = drayman
damn + rye = draymen
dees + uns = dueness
eras + alp = earlaps
eggs + nae = engages
ergs + nae = enrages
eros + not = enroots
erns + rad = errands
erns + rat = errants
fils + ale = failles
fees + els = feeless
fils + obe = foibles
fret + own = forwent
fins + red = friends
frig + urn = furring
gnus + age = gangues
grig + inn = girning
gars + lie = glaires
gene + rei = greenie
hint + are = hairnet
haes + err = hearers
hair + eve = heavier
hies + ers = heiress
hair + ore = hoarier
holt + oke = hooklet
jees + err = jeerers
keet + ens = keenest
kris + era = kerrias
kris + ere = kerries
lair + eke = leakier
lair + ere = learier
land + ere = learned
lair + eve = leavier
leet + ifs = liefest
lens + ire = liernes
less + ose = loesses
lugs + one = lounges
molt + one = moonlet
most + one = moonset
mule + oil = mouille
muss + ose = mousses
nurl + eta = neutral
nogs + ode = noodges
ores + als = oarless
ours + eve = oeuvres
oils + roe = orioles
pros + art = parrots
psis + ate = pasties
pair + eke = peakier
pees + ers = peeress
pees + ewe = peewees
pros + ern = perrons
pecs + ire = pierces
pacs + lie = plaices
pans + lit = plaints
peas + lid = pleiads
piny + lac = pliancy
pits + one = pointes
pols + ode = poodles
poet + ors = poorest
pecs + rat = preacts
pend + ree = preened
piss + ret = priests
pins + use = puisnes
plot + ulu = pullout
prig + urn = purring
psis + use = pussies
ryes + als = rayless
rule + oil = rouille
rudd + one = rounded
slid + ale = sallied
sped + aha = saphead
stey + ait = satiety
sued + ate = sauteed
sord + cue = scoured
sees + ers = seeress
sris + ere = serries
sags + huh = shaughs
sets + hah = sheaths
secs + huh = sheuchs
segs + huh = sheughs
sold + hae = shoaled
sold + hoe = shooled
sold + kae = skoaled
sane + lit = slainte
spit + ohs = sophist
sudd + one = sounded
suet + ors = sourest
sild + pee = spieled
sold + pie = spoiled
sris + pan = sprains
sand + tie = stained
sold + toe = stooled
sore + tui = stourie
sris + tan = strains
sris + tat = straits
sons + wud = swounds
tils + ale = tailles
tags + era = teargas
tree + ern = terrene
tret + ess = tersest
tars + him = thairms
tens + hie = theines
term + hoe = theorem
tray + hot = throaty
tins + ree = trienes
tilt + roe = triolet
tins + rue = triunes
tops + rue = troupes
tuns + rat = truants
ulus + mat = umlauts
ukes + pep = upkeeps
utas + per = uptears
wyes + als = wayless
waes + err = wearers
wair + ere = wearier
weed + ewe = weeweed
wees + ewe = weewees
wees + ons = woeness
wold + ole = woolled
wets + rah = wreaths
als + bet = ablest
ars + cos = across
arf + dit = adrift
ail + fed = afield
are + fet = afreet
ars + feh = afresh
ala + gem = agleam
ani + gal = agnail
ant + gae = agnate
arf + gae = agrafe
are + ged = agreed
all + lee = allele
ale + lid = allied
ale + lis = allies
ask + lie = alsike
ain + nos = anions
any + nos = annoys
air + pay = apiary
alt + pie = aplite
ana + pes = apneas
ani + pec = apneic
ail + res = ariels
ais + roe = ariose
ars + ret = arrest
act + sos = ascots
ass + sit = assist
att + sue = astute
awe + ten = atween
aal + vis = avails
ain + vas = avians
amu + wos = awmous
bin + ars = bairns
bad + ers = beards
bat + ess = beasts
big + ens = beings
bot + ins = bionts
boa + its = biotas
ban + lis = blains
bet + las = bleats
bot + las = bloats
bus + let = bluest
bus + ley = bluesy
bad + ors = boards
bat + ors = boarts
boo + oho = boohoo
brr + oes = borers
bud + ons = bounds
bug + ors = bourgs
bun + ore = bourne
bun + ors = bourns
bus + ore = bourse
bed + ras = breads
bed + ray = bready
bet + rah = breath
bed + res = breeds
bod + ras = broads
bra + use = bursae
bra + yod = byroad
cud + als = caulds
cue + als = caules
cue + ass = causes
col + ers = ceorls
can + hie = chaine
can + his = chains
car + his = chairs
can + hut = chaunt
cep + hao = cheapo
cep + has = cheaps
cep + hes = cheeps
cis + ham = chiasm
cor + his = choirs
cos + hoe = choose
cos + hoy = choosy
cog + huh = chough
cos + hue = chouse
cos + huh = choush
cam + lis = claims
cat + ops = coapts
cor + oes = cooers
coy + oes = cooeys
cob + oms = coombs
cot + ops = coopts
cue + ole = coulee
cut + ons = counts
cue + ops = coupes
cut + ors = courts
cel + res = creels
cep + res = creeps
cel + roe = creole
cop + rue = croupe
cos + rue = crouse
cut + res = cruets
cis + use = cuisse
dit + any = dainty
die + ass = daises
due + abs = daubes
dui + ate = dautie
dim + ess = deisms
dit + ess = deists
dol + hoy = dhooly
dee + ins = dienes
doe + ids = diodes
dal + obe = doable
die + old = doiled
dig + ons = doings
dol + ode = doodle
doe + ole = doolee
dis + ret = driest
era + alp = earlap
ere + and = earned
eft + fee = effete
eon + lis = eloins
egg + nae = engage
els + nit = enlist
erg + nae = enrage
ern + rad = errand
ern + rat = errant
ern + rig = erring
fil + ale = faille
fud + als = faulds
fat + ess = feasts
fit + ens = feints
fit + ess = feists
far + ice = fiacre
fed + ins = fiends
far + lis = flairs
fem + las = fleams
fun + let = fluent
fud + lis = fluids
fen + ohs = foehns
fil + obe = foible
fie + old = foiled
foe + old = fooled
fry + obe = forbye
fud + ons = founds
fer + res = freers
fez + ree = freeze
fir + ras = friars
fir + ray = friary
fin + red = friend
fir + res = friers
fiz + ree = frieze
gie + and = gained
gnu + age = gangue
gut + als = gaults
get + ess = geests
gat + ins = giants
gar + lie = glaire
gar + lis = glairs
gem + las = gleams
gem + lay = gleamy
gen + las = gleans
get + ley = gleety
got + las = gloats
gae + odd = goaded
gae + old = goaled
gig + ons = goings
gal + ras = graals
get + ras = greats
ged + res = greeds
gen + res = greens
get + res = greets
got + ras = groats
gul + res = gruels
hoe + als = haoles
hum + als = haulms
hae + eld = healed
hae + err = hearer
has + ere = hearse
hat + ers = hearts
hie + eld = heiled
hit + ess = heists
had + ors = hoards
has + ore = hoarse
hoe + odd = hooded
hoy + oes = hooeys
ifs + net = infest
jut + any = jaunty
jee + err = jeerer
koi + oke = kookie
kep + res = kreeps
lid + ars = lairds
lat + ess = leasts
lag + ins = liangs
lug + one = lounge
mir + age = maigre
mil + als = maills
mil + any = mainly
mud + any = maundy
mil + eke = meikle
mud + ons = mounds
mut + ons = mounts
mun + ors = mourns
mus + ose = mousse
nae + err = nearer
nog + ode = noodge
ora + cee = ocreae
our + eve = oeuvre
ohm + gas = oghams
ods + let = oldest
ode + lis = oldies
oil + res = oriels
oil + roe = oriole
pen + aas = paeans
pie + and = pained
pit + any = painty
pia + ass = paisas
pro + art = parrot
psi + ate = pastie
pal + ers = pearls
pee + eld = peeled
pee + end = peened
pee + ewe = peewee
pie + end = peined
pie + ess = peises
pro + ern = perron
pec + ire = pierce
pea + its = pietas
pac + lie = plaice
pad + lis = plaids
pan + lis = plains
pan + lit = plaint
pat + lis = plaits
ped + las = pleads
pet + las = pleats
pea + lid = pleiad
pin + lat = pliant
pit + one = pointe
pit + ons = points
pol + ode = poodle
poi + ors = pooris
pro + ons = pornos
pud + ons = pounds
pam + ras = praams
pec + rah = preach
pec + rat = preact
per + ram = prearm
pen + res = preens
pis + ret = priest
pom + res = proems
pin + use = puisne
qat + uns = quants
ram + els = realms
ram + ers = rearms
ree + eld = reeled
ret + ess = reests
rue + ess = reuses
run + oes = rouens
rue + opt = roupet
sty + aas = satays
sae + cry = scarey
sin + cos = scions
sop + cos = scoops
sot + cos = scoots
sos + cue = scouse
sae + eld = sealed
sae + err = searer
see + eld = seeled
sim + ess = seisms
sag + huh = shaugh
sel + has = sheals
ser + has = shears
set + hah = sheath
sen + hes = sheens
sen + hey = sheeny
ser + hes = sheers
set + hes = sheets
sec + huh = sheuch
seg + huh = sheugh
sir + hes = shiers
sis + het = shiest
sol + has = shoals
sol + hay = shoaly
sot + has = shoats
sen + kae = skeane
sen + kas = skeans
sol + kas = skoals
set + ley = sleety
sis + let = sliest
sod + lis = sloids
ser + mas = smears
ser + may = smeary
sac + nth = snatch
sic + nth = snitch
sod + nos = snoods
sol + nos = snools
sop + nos = snoops
sot + nos = snoots
sot + nus = snouts
sri + odd = sordid
sue + old = souled
sal + pis = spails
sat + pis = spaits
sen + pas = speans
ser + pas = spears
sec + peh = speech
sel + pes = speels
ser + pes = speers
sel + pis = speils
ser + pis = speirs
sir + pes = spiers
sly + pas = splays
sol + pis = spoils
sol + pit = spoilt
sot + pry = sporty
sot + pus = spouts
sri + pan = sprain
sun + pig = spuing
syn + pig = spying
sag + tis = staigs
sel + tas = steals
sen + tis = steins
sot + tas = stoats
sri + tan = strain
sri + tat = strait
sit + uns = suints
sal + wis = swails
sat + wry = swarty
ser + was = swears
set + was = sweats
set + way = sweaty
son + wos = swoons
sop + wos = swoops
son + wud = swound
til + ale = taille
tae + err = tearer
tae + ess = teases
tar + him = thairm
ten + hie = theine
ten + his = theins
tog + huh = though
tie + old = toiled
toe + old = tooled
ted + ras = treads
tet + ras = treats
tet + ray = treaty
ten + res = treens
tic + ras = triacs
til + ras = trials
tin + ree = triene
tin + res = triens
tis + roe = triose
tin + rue = triune
top + rue = troupe
tun + rat = truant
tun + rig = truing
tan + wis = twains
til + wry = twirly
ulu + mat = umlaut
urn + net = unrent
uke + pep = upkeep
uta + per = uptear
vie + eld = veiled
vie + end = veined
vie + odd = voided
wit + ass = waists
wad + els = wealds
wae + end = weaned
wae + err = wearer
wee + end = weened
wee + ewe = weewee
wet + has = wheats
wen + hes = wheens
wae + odd = woaded
woe + odd = wooded
woe + old = wooled
wud + ons = wounds
wet + rah = wreath
wis + ret = wriest
wyn + rig = wrying
yid + ars = yairds
abs + ba = abbas
abs + be = abbes
aby + be = abbey
als + be = ables
ars + bi = abris
ays + be = abyes
add + de = added
ais + do = adios
ais + go = agios
ars + in = airns
ars + it = airts
abs + la = albas
age + la = algae
ais + la = alias
alt + lo = allot
abs + mo = ambos
ais + ma = amias
ais + me = amies
ana + mi = amnia
ain + no = anion
als + na = anlas
any + no = annoy
ate + na = antae
ain + pa = apian
ana + pe = apnea
ars + pe = apres
ass + pe = apses
ass + pi = apsis
ail + re = ariel
als + re = arles
ass + re = arses
act + so = ascot
als + ta = atlas
any + ut = aunty
and + we = awned
bad + ae = baaed
bas + al = baals
bis + al = bails
bin + ar = bairn
bis + at = baits
brr + ae = barer
bus + ad = bauds
bas + ed = beads
bay + ed = beady
bas + em = beams
bay + em = beamy
bas + en = beans
bad + er = beard
bas + er = bears
bat + es = beast
bas + et = beats
bey + ef = beefy
bey + er = beery
big + en = being
bot + ho = bhoot
bot + in = biont
boa + it = biota
ban + li = blain
bet + la = bleat
bot + la = bloat
bod + lo = blood
bop + lo = bloop
bad + or = board
bas + or = boars
bat + or = boart
bat + os = boast
big + on = boing
bod + oe = booed
bos + om = booms
boy + om = boomy
bos + on = boons
bos + or = boors
bot + os = boost
brr + oe = borer
bud + on = bound
bug + or = bourg
bun + or = bourn
buy + os = bousy
bas + re = braes
bed + re = breed
bis + re = bries
bra + us = bursa
cis + ad = caids
cis + an = cains
cry + an = carny
cry + ar = carry
cud + al = cauld
cue + as = cause
cis + el = ceils
col + er = ceorl
can + hi = chain
car + hi = chair
cap + hm = champ
cep + ha = cheap
cep + he = cheep
cis + ha = chias
cor + hi = choir
cop + hm = chomp
cup + hm = chump
cos + in = cions
cam + li = claim
cot + lo = cloot
cat + op = coapt
cat + os = coast
cis + of = coifs
cis + on = coins
cis + or = coirs
cod + oe = cooed
cor + oe = cooer
coy + oe = cooey
cos + of = coofs
cob + om = coomb
cos + on = coons
cos + op = coops
cot + op = coopt
cry + on = corny
cue + od = coude
cut + on = count
cue + op = coupe
cut + or = court
cel + re = creel
cep + re = creep
cis + re = cries
cut + re = cruet
due + ab = daube
day + er = deary
dah + es = deash
dah + et = death
dey + ed = deedy
dis + el = deils
dim + es = deism
dit + es = deist
dry + er = derry
dee + in = diene
doe + id = diode
dry + it = dirty
dig + on = doing
dos + om = dooms
dos + or = doors
dry + om = dormy
due + os = douse
did + re = dried
dis + re = dries
dis + ut = duits
deb + we = dweeb
ers + al = earls
ers + an = earns
ess + ae = eases
ess + at = easts
eon + li = eloin
ens + re = ernes
ess + re = erses
ens + ta = etnas
ers + ya = eyras
ers + ye = eyres
fey + ar = faery
fit + an = faint
fud + al = fauld
fas + er = fears
fat + es = feast
fas + et = feats
fit + en = feint
fit + es = feist
fly + el = felly
fry + el = ferly
fry + en = ferny
fry + er = ferry
fas + it = fiats
fed + in = fiend
far + li = flair
fem + la = fleam
for + lo = floor
fud + li = fluid
fur + lo = fluor
fas + om = foams
fay + om = foamy
fen + oh = foehn
fit + os = foist
fro + od = fordo
fud + on = found
fed + re = freed
fer + re = freer
fid + re = fried
fir + re = frier
guy + ad = gaudy
gut + al = gault
gut + an = gaunt
gas + er = gears
gee + es = geese
get + es = geest
gat + in = giant
gar + li = glair
gem + la = gleam
gen + la = glean
got + la = gloat
gun + lo = gluon
gas + od = goads
gig + on = going
goy + od = goody
goy + oe = gooey
goy + of = goofy
goy + on = goony
goy + op = goopy
goy + os = goosy
ged + re = greed
gen + re = green
get + re = greet
gul + re = gruel
gas + un = guans
get + us = guest
gie + us = guise
has + ar = haars
hes + am = haems
hes + at = haets
his + al = hails
his + ar = hairs
hoe + al = haole
huh + ag = haugh
hum + al = haulm
hut + an = haunt
hue + at = haute
has + ed = heads
hay + ed = heady
has + el = heals
had + er = heard
has + er = hears
hat + er = heart
hah + et = heath
has + et = heats
hes + ed = heeds
hes + el = heels
his + el = heils
his + er = heirs
hit + es = heist
had + or = hoard
has + or = hoars
hay + or = hoary
hes + or = hoers
hie + os = hoise
hit + os = hoist
hoy + od = hoody
hoy + oe = hooey
hue + os = house
ifs + no = infos
jut + an = jaunt
jut + os = joust
kos + an = kaons
kas + on = koans
kep + re = kreep
lid + ar = laird
lis + ar = lairs
las + ed = leads
lay + ed = leady
las + ef = leafs
lay + ef = leafy
las + en = leans
lat + en = leant
las + er = lears
lay + er = leary
lat + es = least
ley + er = leery
lag + in = liang
las + od = loads
las + of = loafs
las + om = loams
lay + om = loamy
las + on = loans
lis + on = loins
mas + ar = maars
mis + ad = maids
mil + al = maill
mis + al = mails
mis + am = maims
mis + an = mains
mis + ar = mairs
mus + ad = mauds
mus + al = mauls
mud + an = maund
mus + at = mauts
mas + ed = meads
mas + el = meals
may + el = mealy
mas + en = means
mat + en = meant
may + en = meany
mas + et = meats
may + et = meaty
mas + on = moans
mos + od = moods
mod + oe = mooed
mos + on = moons
mos + or = moors
mus + oe = moues
mud + on = mound
mut + on = mount
mun + or = mourn
mos + un = muons
nah + et = neath
nit + es = neist
nos + en = neons
nus + em = neums
nos + on = noons
nus + on = nouns
oes + by = obeys
ors + ka = okras
ode + li = oldie
oes + lo = oleos
oil + re = oriel
ope + uh = ouphe
ops + uh = ouphs
pen + aa = paean
pis + al = pails
pis + an = pains
pit + an = paint
pis + ar = pairs
pia + as = paisa
pie + as = paise
ply + al = pally
ply + am = palmy
ply + as = palsy
pry + ad = pardy
pro + ae = pareo
pro + ag = pargo
pry + ar = parry
pry + at = party
pye + ae = payee
pas + el = peals
pas + en = peans
pal + er = pearl
pas + er = pears
pat + er = peart
pas + et = peats
pay + et = peaty
pes + el = peels
pes + en = peens
pes + er = peers
pis + en = peins
pie + es = peise
pry + ed = perdy
pry + er = perry
pas + in = pians
pea + it = pieta
pig + in = piing
pad + li = plaid
pan + li = plain
pat + li = plait
ped + la = plead
pes + la = pleas
pet + la = pleat
pes + om = poems
pit + on = point
pie + os = poise
poi + or = poori
pro + on = porno
pry + on = porny
pus + of = poufs
pud + on = pound
pus + or = pours
ped + re = preed
pen + re = preen
pes + re = prees
pis + re = pries
pom + re = proem
ply + up = pulpy
pry + us = pursy
qat + un = quant
rad + ed = readd
ras + ed = reads
ray + ed = ready
ram + el = realm
ras + el = reals
ras + em = reams
ram + er = rearm
ras + er = rears
res + ed = reeds
res + ef = reefs
res + el = reels
ret + es = reest
rue + es = reuse
res + ha = rheas
rob + hm = rhomb
rub + hm = rhumb
rye + hm = rhyme
rat + in = riant
ras + od = roads
ras + om = roams
ras + on = roans
ras + or = roars
rat + os = roast
roe + os = roose
rot + os = roost
run + oe = rouen
rue + os = rouse
rut + os = roust
rig + un = ruing
sis + ad = saids
sis + al = sails
sis + an = sains
sit + an = saint
sly + al = sally
sly + at = salty
sty + aa = satay
sue + at = saute
say + em = seamy
sis + ef = seifs
sim + es = seism
spa + et = septa
sae + hm = shame
sel + ha = sheal
ser + ha = shear
sen + he = sheen
ser + he = sheer
set + he = sheet
sel + ho = sheol
sir + he = shier
sis + he = shies
sis + hm = shims
sol + ha = shoal
sot + ha = shoat
sod + he = shoed
sos + he = shoes
sol + ho = shool
son + ho = shoon
sos + ho = shoos
sot + ho = shoot
sly + it = silty
sen + ka = skean
sol + ka = skoal
sod + li = sloid
sop + lo = sloop
ser + ma = smear
ser + ne = sneer
sod + no = snood
sol + no = snool
sop + no = snoop
sot + no = snoot
sot + nu = snout
say + op = soapy
soy + oe = sooey
spy + oh = sophy
spy + op = soppy
sue + os = souse
sad + pe = spaed
sal + pi = spail
sat + pi = spait
sen + pa = spean
ser + pa = spear
sel + pe = speel
ser + pe = speer
sel + pi = speil
ser + pi = speir
sir + pe = spier
sis + pe = spies
sly + pa = splay
sol + pi = spoil
sad + ti = staid
sag + ti = staig
sel + ta = steal
sen + ti = stein
sos + ta = stoas
sot + ta = stoat
sod + to = stood
sol + to = stool
sop + to = stoop
sit + un = suint
sis + ut = suits
ser + we = sweer
set + we = sweet
son + wo = swoon
sop + wo = swoop
tis + al = tails
tis + an = tains
tit + an = taint
try + ad = tardy
try + ar = tarry
try + at = tarty
tut + an = taunt
tas + el = teals
tas + em = teams
tas + er = tears
tae + es = tease
tas + et = teats
try + er = terry
ten + hi = thein
tee + hm = theme
til + ho = thiol
tub + hm = thumb
tup + hm = thump
tye + hm = thyme
tas + od = toads
tat + os = toast
ted + re = treed
ten + re = treen
tis + re = tries
tas + we = twaes
ted + we = tweed
ten + we = tween
tet + we = tweet
uns + la = ulnas
vis + al = vails
vis + ar = vairs
vas + el = veals
vis + el = veils
vis + en = veins
vis + od = voids
wis + al = wails
wis + an = wains
wis + ar = wairs
wit + as = waist
wis + at = waits
wry + at = warty
wad + el = weald
was + el = weals
was + en = weans
was + er = wears
way + er = weary
wet + es = weest
wis + er = weirs
was + hm = whams
wet + ha = wheat
wen + he = wheen
wis + hm = whims
wop + hm = whomp
wop + ho = whoop
was + od = woads
wos + od = woods
wos + of = woofs
wos + op = woops
wry + od = wordy
wry + om = wormy
wry + or = worry
wud + on = wound
wis + re = wries
yid + ar = yaird
ah + as = aahs
al + as = aals
ab + ba = abba
ab + be = abbe
al + be = able
al + by = ably
ar + bi = abri
ay + be = abye
ai + go = agio
ae + hm = ahem
ad + is = aids
al + is = ails
am + is = aims
an + is = ains
ar + in = airn
ar + is = airs
ar + it = airt
at + is = aits
ab + la = alba
ag + la = alga
am + la = alma
as + lo = also
at + lo = alto
ab + mo = ambo
ai + ma = amia
ai + me = amie
am + mo = ammo
ag + na = anga
an + na = anna
as + na = ansa
at + na = anta
at + ne = ante
as + pe = apse
as + re = arse
am + ta = atma
an + ut = aunt
ae + we = awee
ba + al = baal
ba + as = baas
bi + al = bail
bi + at = bait
by + as = bays
ba + ed = bead
ba + em = beam
ba + en = bean
ba + er = bear
ba + et = beat
be + ef = beef
be + en = been
be + er = beer
be + es = bees
be + et = beet
by + es = beys
ba + is = bias
bo + is = bios
ba + or = boar
ba + os = boas
bo + om = boom
bo + on = boon
bo + or = boor
bo + os = boos
by + os = boys
ba + re = brae
be + re = bree
bi + re = brie
by + us = buys
de + ed = deed
de + em = deem
de + er = deer
de + es = dees
de + et = deet
de + id = died
de + is = dies
de + it = diet
de + or = doer
de + os = does
do + om = doom
do + or = door
de + re = dree
de + us = dues
de + ut = duet
do + us = duos
er + al = earl
er + an = earn
er + as = ears
es + ae = ease
es + at = east
es + ay = easy
et + ah = eath
et + as = eats
ed + do = eddo
el + es = eels
eh + li = elhi
en + os = eons
eh + pa = epha
en + re = erne
en + ta = etna
en + ye = eyne
er + ya = eyra
er + ye = eyre
fa + el = feal
fa + er = fear
fa + et = feat
fa + it = fiat
fa + om = foam
fa + re = frae
go + al = gaol
go + od = good
go + of = goof
go + on = goon
go + op = goop
go + os = goos
ha + ar = haar
he + ad = haed
he + am = haem
he + an = haen
he + as = haes
he + at = haet
hi + al = hail
hi + ar = hair
hm + ae = hame
hm + as = hams
ha + ed = head
ha + el = heal
ha + er = hear
ha + et = heat
he + ed = heed
he + el = heel
hi + el = heil
hi + er = heir
hm + es = hems
he + id = hied
he + is = hies
ha + or = hoar
ha + ox = hoax
he + od = hoed
he + or = hoer
he + os = hoes
hm + oe = home
hm + oy = homy
ho + od = hood
ho + of = hoof
ho + op = hoop
he + us = hues
hm + up = hump
hm + us = hums
if + no = info
it + no = into
in + os = ions
jo + en = jeon
ka + as = kaas
ka + es = keas
ka + on = koan
ka + os = koas
li + ad = laid
li + an = lain
li + ar = lair
la + ed = lead
la + ef = leaf
la + el = leal
la + en = lean
la + er = lear
la + es = leas
li + es = leis
lo + in = lion
la + od = load
la + of = loaf
la + om = loam
la + on = loan
li + on = loin
lo + of = loof
lo + om = loom
lo + on = loon
lo + op = loop
lo + os = loos
ma + ar = maar
me + as = maes
mi + ad = maid
mi + al = mail
mi + am = maim
mi + an = main
mi + ar = mair
mm + aa = mama
mu + ad = maud
mu + al = maul
mu + an = maun
mu + at = maut
my + aa = maya
my + as = mays
ma + ed = mead
ma + el = meal
ma + en = mean
ma + et = meat
me + ed = meed
me + et = meet
mm + es = mems
me + in = mien
ma + on = moan
ma + os = moas
mm + oe = mome
mm + os = moms
mo + od = mood
mo + on = moon
mo + or = moor
mo + os = moos
mu + oe = moue
mm + um = mumm
mm + up = mump
mm + us = mums
mo + un = muon
na + an = naan
no + ai = naoi
no + as = naos
na + er = near
na + et = neat
ne + ed = need
ne + em = neem
no + en = neon
nu + em = neum
ne + os = noes
no + on = noon
nu + on = noun
nu + os = nous
of + as = oafs
or + as = oars
os + at = oast
oe + by = obey
or + ka = okra
oe + la = olea
oe + lo = oleo
oh + os = oohs
op + os = oops
od + us = ouds
op + uh = ouph
or + us = ours
os + ut = oust
os + we = owse
pi + ad = paid
pi + al = pail
pi + an = pain
pi + ar = pair
pa + el = peal
pa + en = pean
pa + er = pear
pa + es = peas
pa + et = peat
pe + ed = peed
pe + el = peel
pe + en = peen
pe + er = peer
pe + es = pees
pi + en = pein
pa + in = pian
pa + is = pias
pe + id = pied
pe + is = pies
pe + la = plea
pe + om = poem
pi + os = pois
pe + re = pree
re + ed = reed
re + ef = reef
re + el = reel
re + es = rees
re + ha = rhea
re + os = roes
re + us = rues
si + ad = said
si + al = sail
si + an = sain
si + ef = seif
si + es = seis
si + hm = shim
so + he = shoe
so + ho = shoo
so + on = soon
so + ta = stoa
si + ut = suit
ti + al = tail
ti + an = tain
to + as = taos
ta + el = teal
ta + em = team
ta + er = tear
ta + es = teas
ta + et = teat
ta + he = thae
ti + ho = thio
ta + od = toad
to + om = toom
to + on = toon
ti + us = tuis
ta + we = twae
un + la = ulna
ut + no = unto
we + as = waes
we + ed = weed
we + el = weel
we + en = ween
we + er = weer
we + es = wees
we + et = weet
we + he = whee
wo + ha = whoa
wo + hm = whom
we + os = woes
wo + od = wood
wo + of = woof
wo + os = woos
ya + eh = yeah
ya + en = yean
ya + er = year
ya + es = yeas
ya + un = yuan
